README.md, before:

<p align="center">

  <h1 align="left">Test-Time-Matching: Decouple Personality, Memory, and Linguistic Style in LLM-based Role-Playing Language Agent</h1>
  <p align="left">
    <a href="https://zhanxy.xyz/" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank"><strong>Xiaoyu Zhan</strong></a>
    ·
    <strong>Xinyu Fu</strong></a>
    ·
    <strong>Hao Sun</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="http://www.njumeta.com/liyq/" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank"><strong>Yuanqi Li</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://scholar.google.com.hk/citations?user=Sx4PQpQAAAAJ&hl=en" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank"><strong>Jie Guo</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://cs.nju.edu.cn/ywguo/index.htm" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank"><strong>Yanwen Guo*</strong></a>

  </p>
  <p align="left">
    <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.16799" rel="external nofollow noopener" target='_blank'>
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2507.16799-B31B1B" alt='Arxiv Link'></a>
  </p>

</p>

### Test-Time-Matching (TTM) is an **automatic framework** to constrcut Role-Playing Language Agents (RPLAs) from **textual inputs**. TTM achieves high-fidelity role-playing perfromances through **test-time scaling** and **context engineering**. The decoupled role-related features (**personality**, **memory**, and **linguistic style**) are stored in plaintext, which further supports personalized customization.
<br>

<img width="1942" height="1272" alt="teaser" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a427b3fe-303c-43ad-bb75-4a48225e54fe" />


## Overview
- [1 - Installation](#installation)
- [2 - Demo](#demo)
- [3 - Complete Process](#process)
- [4 - Customization](#customization)
- [5 - Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [6 - Citation](#citation)
- [7 - Contact](#contact)

<a id="installation"></a>
## 📍 Installation

### 1. Get Started
Start from creating a conda environment.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ZhanxyR/TTM.git
cd TTM
conda create -n ttm python=3.10
conda activate ttm
```

### 2. Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<a id="demo"></a>
## 🚀 Demo

### 1. Download Preprocessed Character Profiles and Database
Download from [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/datasets/asinmhk/TTM_cache).

<details>
  <summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">List of Preprocessed Books and Characters</span></summary>

## **English**

#### **Harry_Potter_1_4_Qwen25_32B**
- Dumbledore
- Hermione
- Snape
- Malfoy
- Ron
- Harry
- Hagrid

#### **Pride_and_Prejudice_Qwen25_32b**
- Elizabeth

#### **Little_Women_Qwen3_32b**
- Jo

#### **The_Three_Musketeers_Qwen3_32b**
- d'Artagnan

#### **Vanity_Fair_Qwen3_32b**
- Becky

## **Chinese**

#### **红楼梦_Qwen25_32B**
- 林黛玉， 黛玉
- 宝玉， 贾宝玉
- 贾母
- 王熙凤， 凤姐
- 贾政
- 贾琏
- 宝钗，薛宝钗

#### **三国演义_Qwen25_32B**
- 孔明

#### **西游记_Qwen25_32B**
- 八戒

#### **天龙八部_Qwen25_32B**
- 慕容复
- 木婉清
- 段誉
- 王语嫣
- 萧峰
- 虚竹

#### **神雕侠侣_Qwen25_32B**
- 杨过

#### **三体_Qwen25_32B**
- 罗辑

</details>


The completed structure should be like:

```
|-- TTM
    |-- cache
        |-- demo_Harry_Potter_1_4_Qwen25_32b_512_long
            |-- rkg_graph
                |-- relations_vdb
                |-- entities_vdb
            |-- Role Name
                |-- background.json
                |-- personality.json
                |-- linguistic_style.json   
            |-- roles.json
            |-- roles_sentences.json
            |-- chunks.json
    |-- apps
    |-- scripts
```

### 2. Start a Local [vLLM](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm) Server (Optional)

```bash
# Modify first: supplement or adjust the necessary parameters.
sh scripts/vllm_server.sh
```

### 3. Start Chatting

We call the LLM API by providing the `url`, `model_name`, and optionally an `API key` for authentication.

The script uses `--chat` to skip preprocessing, please make sure that you have prepared the cached files.
```bash
# Modify first: supplement or adjust the necessary parameters.
sh scripts/demo.sh
```

> [!NOTE]
> For more details of our parameters, please click on the folding bar below.
<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">Specific args to be modified</span></summary>

#### `--input / -i`
  The directory of input documents, used for doucment processing. If document processing is no longer required, there is no need to specify it.
#### `--roles / -r`
  The selected roles for role-playing in the roles list, separated by comma. The role name should be defined in the roles.json file.

  **Note:** Roles will be utilized to retrieve historical utterances from the `roles_sentences.json` file and act as the key value. Should a role be divided into multiple entities within the JSON file, it becomes necessary to specify all relevant entities here to ensure the retrieval of a complete historical utterances.

#### `--name / -n`
  The name for this experiment, used for saving and loading.
#### `--cache / -c`
  The cache directory to be used for saving and loading the intermediate results. (`cache` by default).
#### `--url / -u`
  The IP address of the LLM server.
#### `--model / -m`
  The model name of the LLM server.
#### `--key / -k`
  The API key of the LLM server.
#### `--language / -l`
  The language of both the input documents and the used prompts. (`zh` by default).
#### `--workers / -w`
  The number of workers to be used for multi-threading. (`20` by default).
#### `--graphrag / -g`
  Whether to use RAG for detailed memory. (`False` by default).

  **Note:** During the preprocessing stage, **the database is created only when this parameter is used**.

#### `--log`
  The path to save the logs. (`logs` by default).
#### `--max_tokens`
  The maximum number of tokens to be used. (`2048` by default).
#### `--top_p`
  The top-p probability to be used. (`0.9` by default).
#### `--temperature`
  The temperature to be used. (`0.7` by default).

</details>

<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">Mode args</span></summary>

 **Note:** Multiple modes can be active at the same time, as they do not conflict with one another.

#### `--serial`
  Run in serial mode, without multi-threading. (`False` by default).
#### `--debug`
  Run in debug mode, with additional log infomation. (`False` by default).
#### `--chat`
  Run in chatting mode, do not execute any document processing. (`False` by default)

  **Note:** Chatting mode will skip all of the preprocessing function, and mandatorily load the cached files. Ensure you have prepared the necessary files.

#### `--test`
  Run in test mode, with predefined user inputs rather than interaction. (`False` by default).
#### `--short`
  Run in short mode, the agent will generate shorter responses. (`False` by default).

</details>

<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">Model args</span></summary>

#### `--haruhi_model`
  The path to the Haruhi model. Won't be used if args.use_haruhi is False. (`silk-road/Haruhi-Dialogue-Speaker-Extract_qwen18` by default).
#### `--embedding_model`
  The path to the embedding model. Used for utterance retrieval. (`Qwen/Qwen3-Embedding-0.6B` by default).
#### `--rerank_model`
  The path to the rerank model. Used for utterance retrieval. (`Qwen/Qwen3-Reranker-0.6B` by default).
#### `--graph_embedding_model`
  The path to the graph embedding model. Used in RAG. (`BAAI/bge-large-zh-v1.5` by default).

</details>

<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">Preprocessing args (used in preprocessing)</span></summary>

#### `--chunk_size`
  The chunk size to be used for processing document. (`512` by default).

  **Note:** Increasing the chunk size can accelerate the processing time.

#### `--chunk_overlap`
  The overlap size to be used for processing document. (`64` by default).
#### `--keep_utterance`
  Do not split the utterances into sentences. (`False` by default).

  **Note:** This setting controls whether to store individual sentences or complete conversation utterances. **Setting it to True is recommended** if the number of historical utterances is enough for retrieving.

#### `--use_haruhi`
  Whether to use [Haruhi](https://huggingface.co/silk-road/Haruhi-Dialogue-Speaker-Extract_qwen18) for dialogues extraction. (`False` by default).
#### `--skip_summarize`
  Skip the summarization step. (`False` by default).
#### `--bg_summarize_freq`
  The frequency to summarize the background. (`10` by default).
#### `--process_only`
  Only process the documents and save the intermediate results. (`False` by default).

  **Note:** It will exit immediately after preprocessing is complete.
  
#### `--rebuild_graphrag`
  Force rebuilding the vector database. (`False` by default).

  **Important:** Use with caution, as it will overwrite the cached files.
  
#### `--ignore_cache`
  Force recalculation: recalculate everything and rewrite cached data. (`False` by default).

  **Important:** Use with caution, as it will overwrite the cached files.

</details>

<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">TTM args (used in chatting)</span></summary>

#### `--retriever_k_l`
  The number of similar sentences to be retrieved for each linguistic style query, used for reranking. (`40` by default).
#### `--memory_k`
  The number of related chunks to be used for memory. (`10` by default).
#### `--matching_type`
  The matching type to be used for matching linguistic style query. (`dynamic` by default).

  **Note:** Select from ['simple', 'parallel', 'serial', 'dynamic'].

#### `--matching_k`
  The number of historical utterance examples for each linguistic style query. (`15` by default).

  **Note:** Hybrid retrieval will double the final numbers.

#### `--max_common_words`
  The maximum number of common words of each type to be used for matching the linguistic style query. (`20` by default).
#### `--use_clean`
  Remove the linguistic style of the utterance when matching. (`False` by default).
#### `--clean_first_only`
  Only remove the linguistic style of the first time response (not the styleless response) during chatting. (`False` by default).
#### `--split_sentence`
  Split the sentence into sentences by comma for matching. (`False` by default).
#### `--disable_action`
  Disable the action display during chatting. (`False` by default).
#### `--disable_personality`
  Disable the personality setting during chatting.
#### `--disable_background`
  Disable the background setting during chatting.
#### `--disable_linguistic_preference`
  Disable the linguistic preference setting during chatting.
#### `--disable_common_words`
  Disable the common words setting during chatting.
#### `--disable_matching`
  Disable the linguistic style matching during chatting.

</details>

<a id="process"></a>
## 🎯 Complete Process

Go through the complete process of TTM — automatically constructing RPLA from textual input.

<img width="3288" height="1928" alt="pipeline_v3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2d9e3a2a-62ca-4766-a554-f9adc9350e80" />

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The entire process involves **a significant number of API calls**. Please confirm that you truly intend to proceed.

### 1. Try with Our Examples
```bash
# Modify first: supplement or adjust the necessary parameters.
sh scripts/complete_en.sh
# Or
sh scripts/complete_zh.sh
```
By default, the processed results will be saved to `cache/name` directory.

The log files consist of TTM's log (`logs/name_time.log`) and [DIGIMON](https://github.com/JayLZhou/GraphRAG)'s log (`logs/GraphRAG_Logs/time.log`).

### 2. Extract Profiles for Another Character
Just modify the `--roles`. Make sure the specific role name exists in the `roles_sentences.json`.

```bash
--roles role_name
```

### 3. Run with Your Data
You should first organize the text files as below. Then modify the input and output pathes in the script.

```
--input examples/yours
--name as_you_like

|-- TTM
    |-- examples
        |-- yours
            |-- 001.txt
            |-- 002.txt
```

<a id="customization"></a>
## 🎨 Customization

Later.

## Acknowledgments

This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (62032011) and the Natural Science Foundation of Jiangsu Province (BK20211147).

There are also many powerful resources that greatly benefit our work:

- [LightRAG](https://github.com/HKUDS/LightRAG)
- [DIGIMON](https://github.com/JayLZhou/GraphRAG)
- [ChatHaruhi](https://github.com/LC1332/Chat-Haruhi-Suzumiya)
- [CoSER](https://github.com/Neph0s/COSER)

## Citation
If you find this work helpful, please consider citing our paper.

```bibtex
@misc{zhan2025ttm,
      title={Test-Time-Matching: Decouple Personality, Memory, and Linguistic Style in LLM-based Role-Playing Language Agent}, 
      author={Zhan, Xiaoyu and Fu, Xinyu and Sun, Hao and Li, Yuanqi and Guo, Jie and Guo, Yanwen},
      year={2025},
      eprint={2507.16799},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CL},
      url={https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.16799}, 
}
```


## Contact
Zhan, Xiaoyu (zhanxy@smail.nju.edu.cn) and Fu, Xinyu (xinyu.fu@smail.nju.edu.cn).

Commit message:

Add track mode. Add sentences cache.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">

  <h2 align="left">Test-Time-Matching: Decouple Personality, Memory, and Linguistic Style in LLM-based Role-Playing Language Agent</h1>
  <p align="left">
    <a href="https://zhanxy.xyz/" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank"><strong>Xiaoyu Zhan</strong></a>
    ·
    <strong>Xinyu Fu</strong></a>
    ·
    <strong>Hao Sun</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="http://www.njumeta.com/liyq/" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank"><strong>Yuanqi Li</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://scholar.google.com.hk/citations?user=Sx4PQpQAAAAJ&hl=en" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank"><strong>Jie Guo</strong></a>
    ·
    <a href="https://cs.nju.edu.cn/ywguo/index.htm" rel="external nofollow noopener" target="_blank"><strong>Yanwen Guo*</strong></a>

  </p>
  <p align="left">
    <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.16799" rel="external nofollow noopener" target='_blank'>
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv-2507.16799-B31B1B" alt='Arxiv Link'></a>
  </p>

</p>

### Test-Time-Matching (TTM) is an **automatic framework** to constrcut Role-Playing Language Agents (RPLAs) from **textual inputs**. TTM achieves high-fidelity role-playing perfromances through **test-time scaling** and **context engineering**. The decoupled role-related features (**personality**, **memory**, and **linguistic style**) are stored in plaintext, which further supports personalized customization.
<br>

<img width="1942" height="1272" alt="teaser" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a427b3fe-303c-43ad-bb75-4a48225e54fe" />


## Overview
- [1 - Installation](#installation)
- [2 - Demo](#demo)
- [3 - Complete Process](#process)
- [4 - Customization](#customization)
- [5 - Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [6 - Citation](#citation)
- [7 - Contact](#contact)

<a id="installation"></a>
## 📍 Installation

### 1. Get Started
Start from creating a conda environment.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ZhanxyR/TTM.git
cd TTM
conda create -n ttm python=3.10
conda activate ttm
```

### 2. Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<a id="demo"></a>
## 🚀 Demo

### 1. Download Preprocessed Character Profiles and Database
Download from [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/datasets/asinmhk/TTM_cache).

<details>
  <summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">List of Preprocessed Books and Characters</span></summary>

## **English**

#### **Harry_Potter_1_4_Qwen25_32B**
- Dumbledore
- Hermione
- Snape
- Malfoy
- Ron
- Harry
- Hagrid

#### **Pride_and_Prejudice_Qwen25_32b**
- Elizabeth

#### **Little_Women_Qwen3_32b**
- Jo

#### **The_Three_Musketeers_Qwen3_32b**
- d'Artagnan

#### **Vanity_Fair_Qwen3_32b**
- Becky

## **Chinese**

#### **红楼梦_Qwen25_32B**
- 林黛玉， 黛玉
- 宝玉， 贾宝玉
- 贾母
- 王熙凤， 凤姐
- 贾政
- 贾琏
- 宝钗，薛宝钗

#### **三国演义_Qwen25_32B**
- 孔明

#### **西游记_Qwen25_32B**
- 八戒

#### **天龙八部_Qwen25_32B**
- 慕容复
- 木婉清
- 段誉
- 王语嫣
- 萧峰
- 虚竹

#### **神雕侠侣_Qwen25_32B**
- 杨过

#### **三体_Qwen25_32B**
- 罗辑

</details>


The completed structure should be like:

```
|-- TTM
    |-- cache
        |-- demo_Harry_Potter_1_4_Qwen25_32b_512_long
            |-- rkg_graph
                |-- relations_vdb
                |-- entities_vdb
            |-- Role Name
                |-- background.json
                |-- personality.json
                |-- linguistic_style.json   
            |-- roles.json
            |-- roles_sentences.json
            |-- chunks.json
    |-- apps
    |-- scripts
```

### 2. Start a Local [vLLM](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm) Server (Optional)

```bash
# Modify first: supplement or adjust the necessary parameters.
sh scripts/vllm_server.sh
```

### 3. Start Chatting

We call the LLM API by providing the `url`, `model_name`, and optionally an `API key` for authentication.

The script uses `--chat` to skip preprocessing, please make sure that you have prepared the cached files.

```bash
# Modify first: supplement or adjust the necessary parameters.
sh scripts/demo.sh
```

If you want to track the changes in TTM's three-stage generation, use `--track`.

> [!NOTE]
> For more details of our parameters, please click on the folding bar below.
<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">Specific args to be modified</span></summary>

#### `--input / -i`
  The directory of input documents, used for doucment processing. If document processing is no longer required, there is no need to specify it.
#### `--roles / -r`
  The selected roles for role-playing in the roles list, separated by comma. The role name should be defined in the roles.json file.

  **Note:** Roles will be utilized to retrieve historical utterances from the `roles_sentences.json` file and act as the key value. Should a role be divided into multiple entities within the JSON file, it becomes necessary to specify all relevant entities here to ensure the retrieval of a complete historical utterances.

#### `--name / -n`
  The name for this experiment, used for saving and loading.
#### `--cache / -c`
  The cache directory to be used for saving and loading the intermediate results. (`cache` by default).
#### `--url / -u`
  The IP address of the LLM server.
#### `--model / -m`
  The model name of the LLM server.
#### `--key / -k`
  The API key of the LLM server.
#### `--language / -l`
  The language of both the input documents and the used prompts. (`zh` by default).
#### `--workers / -w`
  The number of workers to be used for multi-threading. (`20` by default).
#### `--graphrag / -g`
  Whether to use RAG for detailed memory. (`False` by default).

  **Note:** During the preprocessing stage, **the database is created only when this parameter is used**.

#### `--log`
  The path to save the logs. (`logs` by default).
#### `--max_tokens`
  The maximum number of tokens to be used. (`2048` by default).
#### `--top_p`
  The top-p probability to be used. (`0.9` by default).
#### `--temperature`
  The temperature to be used. (`0.7` by default).

</details>

<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">Mode args</span></summary>

 **Note:** Multiple modes can be active at the same time, as they do not conflict with one another.

#### `--serial`
  Run in serial mode, without multi-threading. (`False` by default).
#### `--debug`
  Run in debug mode, with additional log infomation. (`False` by default).
#### `--chat`
  Run in chatting mode, do not execute any document processing. (`False` by default)

  **Note:** Chatting mode will skip all of the preprocessing function, and mandatorily load the cached files. Ensure you have prepared the necessary files.

#### `--test`
  Run in test mode, with predefined user inputs rather than interaction. (`False` by default).
#### `--short`
  Run in short mode, the agent will generate shorter responses. (`False` by default).
#### `--track`
  Run in tracking mode, compare the performance of three-stage generation.

</details>

<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">Model args</span></summary>

#### `--haruhi_model`
  The path to the Haruhi model. Won't be used if args.use_haruhi is False. (`silk-road/Haruhi-Dialogue-Speaker-Extract_qwen18` by default).
#### `--embedding_model`
  The path to the embedding model. Used for utterance retrieval. (`Qwen/Qwen3-Embedding-0.6B` by default).
#### `--rerank_model`
  The path to the rerank model. Used for utterance retrieval. (`Qwen/Qwen3-Reranker-0.6B` by default).
#### `--graph_embedding_model`
  The path to the graph embedding model. Used in RAG. (`BAAI/bge-large-zh-v1.5` by default).

</details>

<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">Preprocessing args (used in preprocessing)</span></summary>

#### `--chunk_size`
  The chunk size to be used for processing document. (`512` by default).

  **Note:** Increasing the chunk size can accelerate the processing time.

#### `--chunk_overlap`
  The overlap size to be used for processing document. (`64` by default).
#### `--keep_utterance`
  Do not split the utterances into sentences. (`False` by default).

  **Note:** This setting controls whether to store individual sentences or complete conversation utterances. **Setting it to True is recommended** if the number of historical utterances is enough for retrieving.

#### `--use_haruhi`
  Whether to use [Haruhi](https://huggingface.co/silk-road/Haruhi-Dialogue-Speaker-Extract_qwen18) for dialogues extraction. (`False` by default).
#### `--skip_summarize`
  Skip the summarization step. (`False` by default).
#### `--bg_summarize_freq`
  The frequency to summarize the background. (`10` by default).
#### `--process_only`
  Only process the documents and save the intermediate results. (`False` by default).

  **Note:** It will exit immediately after preprocessing is complete.
  
#### `--rebuild_graphrag`
  Force rebuilding the vector database. (`False` by default).

  **Important:** Use with caution, as it will overwrite the cached files.
  
#### `--ignore_cache`
  Force recalculation: recalculate everything and rewrite cached data. (`False` by default).

  **Important:** Use with caution, as it will overwrite the cached files.

</details>

<details>
<summary><span style="font-weight: bold;">TTM args (used in chatting)</span></summary>

#### `--retriever_k_l`
  The number of similar sentences to be retrieved for each linguistic style query, used for reranking. (`40` by default).
#### `--memory_k`
  The number of related chunks to be used for memory. (`10` by default).
#### `--matching_type`
  The matching type to be used for matching linguistic style query. (`dynamic` by default).

  **Note:** Select from ['simple', 'parallel', 'serial', 'dynamic'].

#### `--matching_k`
  The number of historical utterance examples for each linguistic style query. (`15` by default).

  **Note:** Hybrid retrieval will double the final numbers.

#### `--max_common_words`
  The maximum number of common words of each type to be used for matching the linguistic style query. (`20` by default).
#### `--use_clean`
  Remove the linguistic style of the utterance when matching. (`False` by default).
#### `--clean_first_only`
  Only remove the linguistic style of the first time response (not the styleless response) during chatting. (`False` by default).
#### `--split_sentence`
  Split the sentence into sentences by comma for matching. (`False` by default).
#### `--disable_action`
  Disable the action display during chatting. (`False` by default).
#### `--disable_personality`
  Disable the personality setting during chatting.
#### `--disable_background`
  Disable the background setting during chatting.
#### `--disable_linguistic_preference`
  Disable the linguistic preference setting during chatting.
#### `--disable_common_words`
  Disable the common words setting during chatting.
#### `--disable_matching`
  Disable the linguistic style matching during chatting.

</details>

<a id="process"></a>
## 🎯 Complete Process

Go through the complete process of TTM — automatically constructing RPLA from textual input.

<img width="3288" height="1928" alt="pipeline_v3" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2d9e3a2a-62ca-4766-a554-f9adc9350e80" />

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The entire process involves **a significant number of API calls**. Please confirm that you truly intend to proceed.

### 1. Try with Our Tiny Examples
```bash
# Modify first: supplement or adjust the necessary parameters.
sh scripts/complete_en.sh
# Or
sh scripts/complete_zh.sh
```
By default, the processed results will be saved to `cache/name` directory.

The log files consist of TTM's log (`logs/name_time.log`) and [DIGIMON](https://github.com/JayLZhou/GraphRAG)'s log (`logs/GraphRAG_Logs/time.log`).

### 2. Extract Profiles for Another Character
Just modify the `--roles`. Make sure the specific role name exists in the `roles_sentences.json`.

```bash
--roles role_name
```

### 3. Run with Your Data
You should first organize the text files as below. Then modify the input and output pathes in the script.

```
--input examples/yours
--name as_you_like

|-- TTM
    |-- examples
        |-- yours
            |-- 001.txt
            |-- 002.txt
```

<a id="customization"></a>
## 🎨 Customization

Later.

## Acknowledgments

This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (62032011) and the Natural Science Foundation of Jiangsu Province (BK20211147).

There are also many powerful resources that greatly benefit our work:

- [LightRAG](https://github.com/HKUDS/LightRAG)
- [DIGIMON](https://github.com/JayLZhou/GraphRAG)
- [ChatHaruhi](https://github.com/LC1332/Chat-Haruhi-Suzumiya)
- [CoSER](https://github.com/Neph0s/COSER)

## Citation
If you find this work helpful, please consider citing our paper.

```bibtex
@misc{zhan2025ttm,
      title={Test-Time-Matching: Decouple Personality, Memory, and Linguistic Style in LLM-based Role-Playing Language Agent}, 
      author={Zhan, Xiaoyu and Fu, Xinyu and Sun, Hao and Li, Yuanqi and Guo, Jie and Guo, Yanwen},
      year={2025},
      eprint={2507.16799},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CL},
      url={https://arxiv.org/abs/2507.16799}, 
}
```


## Contact
Zhan, Xiaoyu (zhanxy@smail.nju.edu.cn) and Fu, Xinyu (xinyu.fu@smail.nju.edu.cn).
